## 回答以下问题

 1. what do you want to acquire in this course？

 I wish to learn NLP/AI theory systemly and get NLP coding skill to figure out problems in the actual work.

 2. what problems do you want to solve？

 The problem is I don't understand a lot of AI algorithms and don't konw how to turn it to code. I want to learn algorithms and advanced coding skill.

 3. what’s the advantages you have to finish you goal?

 I'v got more than 1 year python working experience and finished several bigdata projects.

 4. what’s the disadvantages you need to overcome to finish you goal?

 I think time is the biggest trouble.

 5. How will you plan to study in this course period?

 I plan to learn this course in the weekend and night after work, and try to finished assignment well.


 ## 基础理论部分

 0. Can you come up out 3 sceneraies which use AI methods?

 Ans: chat robot，face recognition，self-drving car

 1. How do we use Github; Why do we use Jupyter and Pycharm;

 Ans: We use github for a lot of reasons, such as version control, team working, bug track, code review. We use jupyter to do interactive computing and use pycharm to organize project code and code deployment.

 2. What's the Probability Model?

 Ans: As I unsderstand, probability model is math method to imitate actual work. As google say, A probability model is a mathematical representation of a random phenomenon. It is defined by its sample space, events within the sample space, and probabilities associated with each event.

 3. Can you came up with some sceneraies at which we could use Probability Model?

 Ans: 1.chat robot, 2.recommended system, 3. weather forecast

 4. Why do we use probability and what's the difficult points for programming based on parsing and pattern match?

 Ans: We use probability to tell us which sentence is more likely to occur. Programming based on parsing and pattern match performs well in some specific scenarios but have a poor generality.

 5. What's the Language Model;

 Ans: Language Model can tell you the probability of a certain sentence occur.

 6. Can you came up with some sceneraies at which we could use Language Model?

 Ans: AI voice assistant, machine translation， signal processing, voice recognization.

 7. What's the 1-gram language model;

 Ans: 1-gram language model means the probability of occurrence of item is not revelent to other items, only depends on itself.

 8. What's the disadvantages and advantages of 1-gram language model;

 Ans: The advantage of 1-gram language model is that is made complex computing more simple and very efficien, but it made language module too naive, cause the language is very complicated, the occurence of a word may relevent to mang words in the other locations.

 9. What't the 2-gram models

 Ans: 2-gram module (Bigram Module) which means the probability of occurrence of a word is only revelent to it's first word before itself